procedures: Add PostgreSQL migration guides (#2163)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_migration-from-postgresql-9-to-postgresql-13.adoc

> :parent-context-of-migration-from-postgresql-9-to-postgresql-13: {context}
> 
> [id="migration-from-postgresql-9-to-postgresql-13_{context}"]
> = Migration from PostgreSQL 9 to PostgreSQL 13
> 
> :context: migration-from-postgresql-9-to-postgresql-13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:parent-context-of-upgrading-postgresql: {context}

[id="upgrading-postgresql_{context}"]
= Upgrading PostgreSQL 

:context: upgrading-postgresql
```

> By the 11th of November, 2021, the PostgreSQL version 9.6 came out of support, and {prod-short} team recommends that all users undergo migrating to version 13.

Reviewer: This looks like a release note to me. If we need to tell this information to customers, I propose that we create a release note and link to this procedure from the release note.
Let me know what you think about this possibility.

> Follow the procedures below to migrate to a newer version of PostgreSQL successfully without any data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade to a newer version of PostgreSQL without losing data.
```

.Prerequisites

* The `{orch-cli}` tool is available.
* An instance of {prod-short} running in {orch-name}.

include::partial$proc_backuping-postgresql.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::partial$proc_updating-postgresql-version.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::partial$proc_provisioning-postgresql.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::partial$proc_restoring-internal-postgresql.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::partial$snip_verification-che-working.adoc[]

> :context: {parent-context-of-migration-from-postgresql-9-to-postgresql-13}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:context: {parent-context-of-upgrading-postgresql}
```
